Fixed #32371 -- Doc'd jquery.init.js dependency for admin widgets. (#13893)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/admin/index.txt

To avoid conflicts with user-supplied scripts or libraries, Django's jQuery
(version 3.5.1) is namespaced as ``django.jQuery``. If you want to use jQuery
in your own admin JavaScript without including a second copy, you can use the
``django.jQuery`` object on changelist and add/edit views. Also, your own admin
forms or widgets depending on ``django.jQuery`` must specify

> ``js=['admin/js/jquery.init.js', …]` when :ref:`declaring form media assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``js=['admin/js/jquery.init.js', …]`` when :ref:`declaring form media assets
```
I missed a backtick.

To avoid conflicts with user-supplied scripts or libraries, Django's jQuery
(version 3.5.1) is namespaced as ``django.jQuery``. If you want to use jQuery
in your own admin JavaScript without including a second copy, you can use the

> ``django.jQuery`` object on changelist and add/edit views. If you want to use
> ``django.jQuery`` in your own admin forms or widgets you must specify the
> dependency as follows: ``js=['admin/js/jquery.init.js', ...]``.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
``django.jQuery`` object on changelist and add/edit views. Also, your own admin
forms or widgets depending on ``django.jQuery`` must specify
``js=['admin/js/jquery.init.js', …]` when :ref:`declaring form media assets
<assets-as-a-static-definition>`.
```
